[TASK] Update image and screenshot guidelines (#466)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Guide-HowToDocument: Documentation/Basics/GeneralConventions/GuidelinesForImages.rst

Guidelines for creating images
==============================

Read here how to embed an image into ReST: :ref:`Images <h2document:images>`.

> For accessibility reasons always use provide an alt text.

Author: ```suggestion
For accessibility reasons always provide an alt text.
```

.. _guidelines-for-images-formats:

Image formats
-------------

*  It is recommended to use PNG for bitmaps (for example screenshots, photographs)
   and SVG for vector graphics images. In any case, you can use .png.

.. _guidelines-for-images-screenshot:

Guidelines for screenshots
==========================

..  note::

>     We do not have an automatic screenshot tool working with current TYPO3

Reviewer: do we really need to mention this? i would prefer we would only sate the IS state and not mention the was state.

Reviewer: as discussed,. we keep this in as this is a common question that needs to be answered

    versions at the moment. The automatic screenshot tool we were working on
    never worked beyond TYPO3 11 LTS.

*   Before adding a screenshot consider if one is necessary. Each new screenshot
    requires maintenance.
*   Use a Composer-based installation of the latest LTS release, or dev-main.
*   Turn the backend into light mode and modern look.
*   Unless you want to demonstrate features of certain system extensions use
    a default installation as described in Getting Started:
    :ref:`Installing TYPO3 with DDEV <t3start:installation-ddev-tutorial>`.

> *   If you need an example site package use :composer:`t3docs/site-package`.

Author: ```suggestion
*   If you need an example site package use `t3docs/site-package`.
```

*   If you need example data use :composer:`t3docs/site-package-data`

> *   As personalized usernames are considered best practice always use username

Reviewer: Can we extend this to First and Last Name`?

Like John/Jane/J. Doe

>     "kasper"

Author: ```suggestion
    "j.doe"
```

*   Do not install third party extensions unless what you want to demonstrate
    requires one. If possible use one of the extensions from vendor `typo3` or
    `t3docs`.
*   use PNG format (.png file ending)
*   If you take a screenshot of a full page it should have 1400 x 1050 px

> *   Use only parts of a full page when possible, the flatter the screenshot the

Author: shorter from top to bottom then from left to right, how do you call that?

    less room it takes.
*   When reviewing screenshots take into consideration that taking screenshots
    is a lot of effort.

.. _guidelines-for-images-screenshot-with-grafics:

Guidelines for screenshots with graphics elements
=================================================

You will often see a screenshot where additional graphic elements have been added in the
documentation. These additional graphic elements may be boxes, numbers or arrows.

*   Use sufficient contrast to ensure additional graphic elements are visible

>     across devices and for as many readers as possible, even if the do not see

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    across devices and for as many readers as possible, even if they do not see
```

>     across devices and for as many readers as possible, even if they do not see
>     a difference between red and green.

Author: ```suggestion
    across devices and for as many readers as possible, even if they have
    color vision differences.
```

>     a difference between red and green.

Reviewer 2: There are more color vision deficiencies than red-green color blindness. Maybe we should make this more clear?

Author: Done
